Release v17.0.0 (#286)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk-crypto-wasm: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

# matrix-sdk-crypto-wasm v17.0.0

-   Expose information about the forwarder for events that were decrypted using a
    key from an [MSC4268](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-spec-proposals/pull/4268)
    key bundle.
    ([#284](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-sdk-crypto-wasm/pull/284/changes))
-   Update matrix-rust-sdk to `97110ed`, which includes:

    -   **BREAKING**: `ShieldStateCode` no longer includes
        `SentInClear`. `VerificationState::to_shield_state_{lax,strict}` never

>         returned that code, ans so having it in the enum was somewhat misleading.

Reviewer: Spelling + clarity
```suggestion
        returned that code, and so including it in the enum was somewhat misleading.
```
